README.md, before:

# `@aztemi/svelte-on-solana-wallet-adapter`

This is a fork of [svelte-on-solana/wallet-adapter](https://github.com/svelte-on-solana/wallet-adapter) with the following additional updates.

-   Mobile Wallet Adapter support
-   Wallet Standard support
-   Wallets list sorted to show detected wallets first
-   Dependencies upgraded to recent versions
-   Accessibility warnings fixed
-   NPM packages released under `@aztemi` scope since `@svelte-on-solana` is not recently maintained.

Original ReadMe below:

# `@svelte-on-solana/wallet-adapter`

![Wallets](wallets-adapter.png)

Modular TypeScript wallet adapter and UI components for Solana/Anchor applications using [SvelteJS](https://svelte.dev/) as framework. This package contains a solution for [Svelte Template](https://github.com/sveltejs/template) and [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/), making possible to build Solana Dapps in SPA or SSR mode.

[View demo][4] / [Browse demo code][5]

## Packages

- [Core][1] - Svelte Store which exposes methods and properties to run the wallet in your application
- [UI][2] - Pre-built components for integrating with Solana wallets using Svelte
- [Anchor][3] - Helper components for working with Anchor

## Build from Source

1. Clone the project:
```shell
git clone https://github.com/svelte-on-solana/wallet-adapter.git
```

2. Install dependencies:
```shell
cd wallet-adapter
yarn install
```

3. Build all packages:
```shell
yarn build
```

4. Run locally:
```shell
cd packages/ui/
yarn start
```

[1]: https://github.com/svelte-on-solana/wallet-adapter/blob/master/packages/core/README.md/
[2]: https://github.com/svelte-on-solana/wallet-adapter/blob/master/packages/ui/README.md
[3]: https://github.com/svelte-on-solana/wallet-adapter/blob/master/packages/anchor/README.md
[4]: https://github.com/silvestrevivo/solana-svelte-counter/
[5]: https://solana-svelte-counter.netlify.app/

Commit message:

Add support for wallet sign in

README.md, after:

# `@aztemi/svelte-on-solana-wallet-adapter`

This is a fork of [svelte-on-solana/wallet-adapter](https://github.com/svelte-on-solana/wallet-adapter) with the following additional updates.

-   Mobile Wallet Adapter support
-   Wallet Standard support
-   Sign-In With Solana (SIWS) support
-   Wallets list sorted to show detected wallets first
-   Dependencies upgraded to recent versions
-   Accessibility warnings fixed
-   NPM packages released under `@aztemi` scope as `@svelte-on-solana` is no longer maintained.

Original ReadMe below:

# `@svelte-on-solana/wallet-adapter`

![Wallets](wallets-adapter.png)

Modular TypeScript wallet adapter and UI components for Solana/Anchor applications using [SvelteJS](https://svelte.dev/) as framework. This package contains a solution for [Svelte Template](https://github.com/sveltejs/template) and [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev/), making possible to build Solana Dapps in SPA or SSR mode.

[View demo][4] / [Browse demo code][5]

## Packages

-   [Core][1] - Svelte Store which exposes methods and properties to run the wallet in your application
-   [UI][2] - Pre-built components for integrating with Solana wallets using Svelte
-   [Anchor][3] - Helper components for working with Anchor

## Build from Source

1. Clone the project:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/aztemi/svelte-on-solana-wallet-adapter.git
```

2. Install dependencies:

```shell
cd wallet-adapter
yarn install
```

3. Build all packages:

```shell
yarn build
```

4. Run locally:

```shell
cd packages/ui/
yarn start
```

[1]: https://github.com/svelte-on-solana/wallet-adapter/blob/master/packages/core/README.md/
[2]: https://github.com/svelte-on-solana/wallet-adapter/blob/master/packages/ui/README.md
[3]: https://github.com/svelte-on-solana/wallet-adapter/blob/master/packages/anchor/README.md
[4]: https://github.com/silvestrevivo/solana-svelte-counter/
[5]: https://solana-svelte-counter.netlify.app/
